THE PATCH SET REPRODUCES THE BUILT KERNEL
2026-10-05

WHAT THIS PROVES
  Extract the pristine next-20261002 snapshot, apply every patch in patches/ in
  order, and you get the same source tree the t2 kernel was built from -- file for
  file.  Until this ran, that was an assumption; two of the patches had already been
  caught carrying other patches' work, and the set was missing whole changes.

METHOD
  1. download  snapshot next-20261002 from git.kernel.org  (261 MB)
  2. extract   to an empty directory -- unbuilt, so it holds source and nothing else
  3. apply     patches/[0-9]*/*.patch in filename order, patch -p1 --batch --forward
  4. compare   every file in the extract against the same path in
               /home/jc/build/next-20261002-repull, byte for byte

  Walking the extract rather than the built tree is the point: the built tree also
  holds build products, the extract holds only source, so anything that differs is
  a source difference and cannot be dismissed as a .o file.

RESULT
  applied cleanly     19 / 19        (0 rejects, 0 fuzz)
  files compared      96,745
    identical         96,744
    differ            0
  unaccounted         0

  Nothing in the built tree is unexplained by the set, and the set produces nothing
  the built tree does not have.

WHAT THE FIRST RUN FOUND, BEFORE THE SET WAS FIXED
  The same test run against the set as it stood found six files unaccounted for:

  adreno_device.c, msm_drv.c, msm_drv.h
      the built kernel had four fifths of Akhil P Oommen's "Attach a driver to the
      GMU" series.  The set carried one patch of the five.  Added as
      0019-drm-msm-gmu-attach-plumbing.
  dp_display.c
      the built kernel has the guard that stops a failed link enable from pushing
      idle.  The set filed that change as not-used.  Added as
      0009-dp-failed-enable-guard.
  a6xx_gmu.c
      our 0016 left a stray closing brace behind -- it applied, and then the file was
      wrong.  0016's hunk for that file was regenerated from the pristine file.
  Kconfig
      one stray blank line, left in the built tree by an earlier edit.  The tree was
      corrected to match what the set produces.

  A patch that applies is not a patch that is right.  Every one of these applied
  cleanly on the first run; the comparison is what caught them.

CAVEATS
  * This compares source.  It does not build the result, so it does not prove the
    build is byte-reproducible -- the running kernel was checked separately, by
    comparing the built Image against /boot (identical, fef46d73) and comparing
    module srcversions (identical for the five modules carrying patches).
  * GNU patch leaves .orig backups on a mismatch; one such file appears in the
    extract and not in the built tree.  It is an artefact, not a source difference.
  * The snapshot must be the one this port targets.  Applying the set to a
    different snapshot is a different question and is not answered here.
